This is a project meant to develop a game with a minimum of planning and debating.
The method to achieve this is by making the development itself a game.

Developers take turns adding features to the projects.
Each developer interested in the project signs up to take a turn.
The maintainer* handles a queue of developers.

* maintainer, game master, cat herder, the one who is responsible for keeping the game fun and fair.

The turns.

During your turn you add any feature you want.
You may NOT remove or change the nature of any existing features.
You may of course refine, or add details, to a feature.
Exactly where the line is drawn is up to the maintainer of the project.

A turn lasts at most one week. So you have 7 days to implement your feature 
and request it be added to the main repository. If you're quicker than that 
your turn may of course end earlier and let the next developer get his turn quicker.
The main rule is that a turn implements a single feature. 
What constitutes a feature might have to be ruled by the maintainer, 
but you can't implement e.g. script support and network support in the same turn.

During a turn you may refactor some code in order to make implementing
your feature easier. As long as refactoring doesn't break old features.

Communication with the maintainer is advisable if anything is unclear.
If your contribution is too far out of alignment with the rules, the maintainer 
may split it down to a single feature or entirely disqualify it.
The maintainer may also grant extra time, if you have proven your ability to follow through 
and ask nicely.

Maintenance, bugs, documentation etc...

The project will suffer from bugs and need refactoring.
Therefore, it is always open for anyone to provide bugfixes and cleanup
services at any time. No need to sign up to take a turn for menial tasks.

If some kind of disruptive maintenance is called for, it may take place 
between turns.

Placeholders

If you add something to the project that's meant as a placeholder, it won't
count as a feature and may therefore be replaced in later turns.
To be admitted as a placeholder, it must be relevant to the feature you implement 
and marked clearly as a placeholder.

About license, copyright, intelligent design.. err intellectual property

All contributions to this project belongs to the project without detailed
credit given to the authors. Credit is only given for contributing to the project as a whole.
Though the project log shows who did what.

The project with all it's contents, the "Software" is free software.
A proper license for this purpose is included in its own file.
